# Sensitivity Analyses of Variational Susceptibility COVID Model

This repository consists of the data and results obtained from modifying the code from the paper ["Herd immunity thresholds for SARS-CoV-2 estimated from unfolding epidemics"](https://www.medrxiv.org/content/10.1101/2020.07.23.20160762v2.full.pdf) by Aguas et al. (2020).
 
Briefly, we tested changing the amount of time at maximum social distancing for 5, 10, ..., 150 days. We also tested changing the social distancing curve to linearly decrease until it reaches 5, 10, ..., 100% of the maximum social distancing at which it stays until the end of the simulation. Lastly, we did a sensitivity analysis on the rampdown of social distancing by testing 120, 240, ..., 1440 day long rampdowns. The way this was implemented was running a Python script to generate a new file for each parameter change and running a bash script to run all the files on separate nodes of a supercomputer. This can be seen in the `codegen` files in the corresponding analysis folders.

All of the inferred parameters for each test is in a corresponding folder in the results section. Additionally, we added data up to August for Belgium and England, and these datasets are in the data folder.

To replicate our analyses, run the `codegen` file for the corresponding test to be replicated. Consequently running all of the generated `Parameter Estimation` files will yield the parameters to put into the `Epidemic` MATLAB code and see epidemic curves, as well as $R_c$ and $R_eff$ curves. Finally, plugging in the estimated $R_0$ and $CV$ into the formula for HIT in the paper above yields the corresponding HIT for that parameter. Some graphs of the sensitivity of HIT to the parameters analyzed can be seen in the `ResultsAnalysis` Jupyter notebook in the results folder within each analysis folder.
